All right. Let's move out.
[chirping]
Leona: Tomorrow, warriors
from around the world
will gather in
the Carl Kingdom.
The time to begin our
counterattack has come!
All: Yes!
Leona: But...
where is everybody?
Did their training
go that poorly?
Garuda: [screeching]
Ah! They're here!
Crocodine!
Baduck: About time!
You two ready?
Well... we'll just have
to see on the battlefield.
Oh! There's Popp, too.
Popp: Huh?
No way. I thought I'd
be the first one back.
You were wrong!
Crocodine: Looks like you
learned a pretty intense spell.
Eh, Popp?
Guess so.
And Matoriv?
I thought he'd be here.
Right. About him...
He just said,
"You're all exhausting...
But I trust you
to finish the fight."
Speaking of, we're
still out three people,
aren't we? Dai,
Hyunckel, and Maam...
Maam: You mean two people.
Hey!
That leaves...
Dai and Hyunckel.
Yeah. I imagine the two
of them will take a while.
Their weapons are being
completely restored.
Or maybe not.
Yes, Dai!
Sorry... We're here.
So, pal.
Are you a total master with
that crazy strong
new weapon of yours?
Uh, maybe?
Huh?
That's not...
Very reassuring?
Well, I did everything
I possibly could
in the time we had.
Good enough!
Well... I'm off.
Tell me. Before you
take your leave.
That spear.
You were just a novice.
But with a sword...
You could have
easily matched me.
Why?
Because...
This weapon...
It was a parting
gift from a friend.
A good answer.
You know,
I've never seen someone
trust their weapon like you.
It's a special bond.
That boy, Dai.
He should learn that trust.
Alright. Then
is that everybody?
Yes. We are ready.
[remembering grunts]
Hey, hold on a minute...
Mhmm. That's right.
Popp: There's one more!
One more? What is
with those two?
Dunno. I mean, uh...
Who else is there?
[panting]
The book of Avan!
I've never seen this before.
It's Master Avan's?
Yes, it is. And they're right.
We're going to
Master's homeland.
We have to bring this.
Dai [thought]:
That's right. Our master...
The one who
started all of this.
Without his training,
me, Popp, Maam...
and even Hyunckel and Crocodine
wouldn't be here to fight today.
Master. We're with you.
This final battle...
Belongs to you, as well!
Baran: The Reaper.
Killvearn: Wow!
[taunting chuckle]
How chilling.
Here I thought I
was so well hidden.
No wonder King Vearn
is wary of you.
Finding you was
quite the hassle.
I didn't think the
legendary Dragon Knight
would be hiding in a cave
as desolate as this one.
Baran: What do you want?
You couldn't possibly
think yourself
strong enough to defeat me.
Killvearn: And you
couldn't possibly think
I would make
such a poor assassin.
Baran: Are you under
orders from the Dark King?
Because he made
a promise to me.
Humans are filth that
pollute the Surface World.
He promised to wipe
them from this earth
and that he would
create a paradise.
He asked for my cooperation,
and that I would not
challenge him until after.
That's why I served under Hadlar
and fought on the front lines.
You're saying the
promise was a lie?
Killvearn: [chuckling]
Of course not.
Everything King Vearn
said was completely true.
Humanity will become extinct.
But it won't end there, oh no.
The monsters,
Dragons and Darklings...
Every creature that lives
on the Surface World
will be exterminated.
After all, King Vearn's
true objective...
is to erase the
Surface World itself.
Baran: What?
Killvearn: You fought
King Velzar the Abyss Dragon,
so you should know.
Deep below the ground, where
you and I stand at this moment,
lies an entire separate world.
Underworld?
Killvearn: Correct.
The land of darkness which
the gods gave to the Darklings.
A world of chaos where
strength is the only law.
King Vearn's true wish is
to lift the Underworld
up to the surface.
[smug chuckle]
It's a secret that not even
his most powerful
servant Hadlar knows.
Baran: [distressed exhale]
Killvearn: Doesn't
it sound wonderful?
The Surface World erased;
and all of its inhabitants
consumed by the
darkness at last.
Only the powerful and
those who enjoy destruction
and slaughter will
survive in this new realm.
This is King Vearn's paradise.
And it is my
mission to eliminate
any threat to his goal.
Baran: You fool!
What you describe...
That is called Hell!
Killvearn: I-It's
been fully restored?
The Demon Dragon Blade.
Killvearn: My Reaper
Flute was supposed to
neutralize his senses...
Yet it did nothing.
This man is more...
than a simple... beast...
Baran: Dark King Vearn.
If this is your intent,
then I have ideas of my own.
This is terrible!
[cheering]
Take care, Princess!
May the great gods of Papnica
bless you all on your journey!
Popp: Wow, look at
how small Papnica is.
"Off to the field of battle!
Farewell, dear homeland!"
Something like that, princess?
I had no idea you were a poet.
After those pretty words...
It'd be a real shame if you
ran away again, wouldn't it?
Hey! Come on.
Do you really
still think of me as
some kind of cowardly
chicken, or something?
No way. Those days
are long behind me.
I'm sticking around for good.
Well, back then...
It did happen a lot.
Uh-huh.
What?!
[laughing]
Alright...
Anyways.
I'm glad Merle came along
since she can at least
sense enemies, but...
why is Miss Amy here?
I thought... You had to stay
behind to protect Papnica?
I'm... Her Highness's
royal bodyguard, okay?
We don't know what kind of
danger lies on the path ahead.
And besides, I would be
an asset in any situation!
You need to be more
than an "asset."
This is going to be our
hardest fought battle yet.
So stick to guarding
the Princess.
[chuckling]
Hey, Maam...
What's going on with Amy?
What do you mean?
Oh, c'mon.
Being a little
suspicious, isn't she?
Popp: She's got the whole
"for the man I love" thing.
Merle: How can Popp
be so perceptive
when it comes to other women?
I wouldn't worry
too much, Hyunckel.
The leaders of the
world have gathered
all sorts of powerful
warriors there.
It's worthwhile having
her there with us,
even just to help as a healer.
Amy [thought]: Princess...
Wow. Powerful warriors, huh?
Yeah, buddy! I wonder
what they're like!
I'll put the screws to 'em.
See how tough they really
are. Right, Hyunckel?
They'd better be.
What's wrong, my friend?
Something's clearly
worrying you.
Well...
It's just...
The Princess has a point.
We all have something
at stake in this fight.
And it's important
to stand together.
Still...
We have no idea
what will happen.
And all of those
innocent lives
are being put in harm's way
with this counterattack.
I've never even seen his face,
but I've felt the Dark King's
immense presence, before.
Standing up against him
is going to take more than
I think we're capable of.
That's true.
I think we're on the same
page in this, swordsman.
We're here.
So, what do you think? Leona?
Well. This is where...
The Carl Castle used to be.
It looks like the Dark Army
completely
demolished it, though.
Our base is supposed
to be nearby.
Master Avan.
It's his homeland.
Quite the view.
Hyunckel: Indeed.
But now is not the time
to get sentimental.
Popp: That thing's incredible.
It reaches right
through the clouds.
If that is the
enemy's stronghold,
Then it is
unbelievably huge.
It almost feels like they're
just asking us to attack-
like they were waiting
for us to get here.
We should get prepared.
We don't know
what's coming next.
Who's there?!
Whoa... Wait a minute.
It's me!
Uh, it's Akhim?
Bengarna Kingdom's
Tank Unit commander?
I spotted your balloon,
so I came to greet you.
Phew...
Close call.
We thought you might
have been the enemy.
What's up?
Did you shave your head
because you lost the tank unit?
Or... lost a bet?
Akhim: Uh... No, sir.
I've always been bald.
I see...
Also, the landscape
has been shifting.
The Field of Death
has now changed.
Yeah. We saw from above.
It saves us some time.
General Bowson;
He's waiting for
you all at the base.
I'll show you
the quickest way.
Please, follow me.
Many thanks.
Are all of the
soldiers there, as well?
Akhim: No. The warriors aren't
at the base of operations.
Most of them went to the
shipbuilding site in Zababa.
Hey. What's this Zababa place?
It's a small fishing
port we've secured,
out on the northern banks
of the Carl Kingdom's border.
In secret, we've been
building a giant ship.
One large enough
to fit everyone.
For the final offensive
on Hadlar's forces.
There'll be almost...
thirty of us all together.
A small craft just won't do.
Wait, I think we're
missing someone.
Where did Chiu go?
[laughing]
[curious chirp]
[startled shriek]
Where did you come from?!
[chiding chirps]
Chiu: Hmph! So what?
I'm going to scout
the enemy's movements.
Gather what
intelligence I can.
Prove the legendary
Chiu's value at last!
[uncertain chirp]
What do you mean?
You think I don't have a plan?
[scoff]
Don't underestimate
the great karate rat.
I'm just as worthy as Crocodine
for the "Beast King" title.
[confused chirp]
Chiu: Ta-da!
[curious chirp]
Chiu: This is
the Beast King Flute.
Crocodine gave it to me as
thanks for helping him train.
This item...
It summons nearby monsters.
And then after I manage to
defeat them all in combat...
They will be my
loyal subordinates!
[amazed chirp]
Eventually,
I will form a mighty legion of
monsters that fights for good!
Now, then.
Why don't we point
this thing at the sky?
See if we can get
a flying monster.
[screeching]
I... guess sometimes
they come... in groups.
[terrifying screech]
Chiu [thought]:
They look... a little tough.
[frightened chirps]
Gomez: Wow.
It's almost complete!
The Dark Army won't expect
this scale of an attack.
What is that thing?
Is he a bad guy?
It's so annoying. I can see
you from the other shore.
You humans...
so predictable.
What the....
You've got a lot
of nerve, metal man.
Coming here alone.
[scoff]
Oh, no. I brought
my friends, as well.
Now, introducing; The Dark
Lord Hadlar's Royal Guard.
Bowson: We're glad you
made it here safely.
And now that all the world's
warriors have gathered,
all that's left is
to complete the ship!
An attack?!
No. I think...
that was a Zoom spell.
Popp: I know you!
Fobster, the mage?!
It's an... emergency.
Zababa's... under attack.
[surprised gasps]
Fobster: Five beings made of
some kind of silver metal...
They just attacked the dock.
It's them.
Hadlar's Royal Guard.
The others - Are they safe?
They're strong.
Too strong for
us to stop them.
The others are gone...
I used Zoom to come
back and warn you guys.
We need to help them.
Hang on.
A Zoom spell
won't take us somewhere
we haven't been before.
Then we have to fly.
We'll start by heading north.
Popp and I can go scout
it out, then get everyone!
Nova: Don't bother with that.
I should be help enough.
Oh, yeah? And you are?
Nova: My name is... Nova.
I'm the Hero...
of the North.
Narrator: With the port
town of Zababa under attack,
Nova, the Hero of the
North comes to the rescue.
Hadlar's Orichalcum warriors
put up a vicious fight,
and Nova is forced to
unleash his greatest attack...
But no one can
imagine the true power
possessed by the Royal Guard.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Hadlar Royal Guard".